---
title: About Us
description: CP Power & Automation, the authorised UK distributor for Metzner
column: company
---

## Metzner Maschinenbau GmbH

Metzner Maschinenbau GmbH is a global company based in Neu-Ulm, Germany, specialising in the development and production of cutting machinery for processing cables, rubber, and plastics. With over 40 years of experience, Metzner has established itself as a trusted partner across various industries including automotive, medical technology, control cabinet manufacturing, telecommunications, rail vehicle construction, and rubber component manufacturing.

Their innovative machines enable the efficient production of products essential to these sectors, contributing to advancements in energy transformation, e-mobility, and communications. By automating production processes, Metzner's solutions help maintain profitability and reduce CO₂ emissions by minimising labour-intensive tasks and shortening transport routes. The company's commitment to quality, flexibility, and future-oriented technologies ensures that their machines meet the evolving needs of their global clientele.

## Partners for Metzner and UK industries

CP Power and Automation have been the UK Distributor for Metzner for over 20 years and over that time have developed critical experience in rubber and plastic cutting and processing. We take a partnering approach with companies in the UK and Ireland to successfully reduce production costs and safety issues inherent in the cutting and processing of materials such as rubber, plastics and silicone.

The close relationship with the Metzner factory in Germany means that you as a UK customer have full access to knowledgeable engineers to guide you to the very best solution for your requirements. Often with a short phone call, we can help define the best machine for you and get a quick quote to give you an idea of budget and lead-time.
