---
title: Privacy Policy
description: Privacy Policy for Metzner.co.uk
column: website
---
This privacy statement covers the website <www.metzner.co.uk>, owned wholly by CP Power and Automation Ltd, registered at Seven Stars House, 1 Wheeler Road, Seven Stars Industrial Estate, Coventry, CV3 4LB.

## What personally identifiable information do we collect?

We collect information from the user on the order form when a purchase is made. The customer must provide contact information (name, email, telephone number and delivery address). This enables us to deliver your goods and provide an order confirmation.

This user can opt to store this information to speed up future transactions and to opt into our newsletters and promotions. Should you wish to contact us you do not need to complete a form and we do not require personally identifiable data.

## What personally identifiable information do third parties collect through the website?

We do not engage in third party advertising, we do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information with any third parties.

## Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. We use session ID cookies to hold the contents of the shopping cart. This consists of product identifiers and quantities of products. Once users close the browser, the cookie will stay for 7 days and then simply terminates, after which no information is held on the user's computer relating to the order.

Additionally a Logon cookie is created as a session cookie, this purely contains a code and no personal information. Once the session is closed the cookie simply terminates.

## Log File

Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

## With whom we may share user information

### Third Party Intermediaries

We use outside courier companies to ship orders and a Payment Service Provider and credit card processing company to bill customers for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. In deciding whether to accept your order we may use the information you have given to us, or we already hold about you.

## What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?

Under no circumstance do we pass customers' details to third parties for marketing purposes. When you place an order with us, you are invited to tick an opt-out box. This states that you do not wish us to send information either by e-mail or post, relating to existing, new and upcoming products and offers . We do not use customer’s information for any other purposes.

Customers who later decide they no longer wish to receive any marketing information may opt out of receiving these communications by altering the details online or by contacting us.

## What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information?

We use an external payment processor to process your credit card details, utilising SSL encryption.
All other customer’s information is restricted in our offices, only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

Payment information for customers buying on the web. Your card details are securely encrypted during transport over the Internet so no one can read your card information. The card details are only transported to a Bank to authorise your purchase. A Https symbol will replace the http symbol at the start of the URL address which indicates it is a secure payment.

The payment processor guarantees that they will never: Never pass your financial details to a third party. Never pass your personal data to a third party. The only information a vendor ever receives about you is a shipping address and this only with your express permission.
Never sell your details to a mailing list.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers), the information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.

## How users can inform of us changes in their personally identifiable information

If a customer's personally identifiable information changes (such as telephone number or email or postal address), we provide a way to correct, update or delete customers' personally identifiable information. This can be done by logging onto your account or contacting us directly.

## Business Transitions

In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, customers' personal information will, in most instances be part of the assets transferred. Customers will be notified via e-mail or post prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information, and will have the option to contact the acquirer of this information should they wish to do so.

## Links

This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.

## Legal Disclaimer

Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a belief in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.

## Changes in our Privacy Policy

Any changes will be posted to this privacy statement.

## Contact Information

If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy please contact us.
